before starting any procedure is
I need to perform hand hygiene
apply a sufficient quantity of
alcohol region
in ram lesson for the month
israel if you work your hands
pressing them together
stress the palm of your right hand or
left versus the bone of the opposite hand
interlace your fingers and vice versa
Express was left to go the way or left
with the help of the farm making movements
and vice versa
express regions see brings of knees
in movements of goes old stress to
region of the targets right hand or
silk on the palm of the opposite hand and vice versa
chance
the digital clothes of ruiz of the hand
right or left against the palm of the
opposite hand closed together
circular movements that vice verse
stress a right or left with the
coast street assistance
the x1 circular movements and vice versa
leaves anxious to dry naturally
how a physical examination of the
heart auscultation
the stethoscope will also have to be
cleaner modifies a piece of
cotton in the dressing gown starts
Stethoscope hygiene starts
the headset olive performing
single circular movement on each
cotton dollar to spend a single
on each metal rod
in the bifurcation of the rubber tube with
cotton is passed once in how many come
summons and once in the
from the latter when they change is
go through the entire rubber tube
reaching the frag day in the diaphragm
cotton is folded once again and is
circularly and outwardly from the
diaphragm to hear the back of the
The diaphragm is clean and the cotton is
in the flood of infectious waste
in the auscultation of the house the cardiac focus
the pulse must simultaneously be
radial the carotid course there are five
types of outbreaks of focal
optic is when listening in the region of
right intercostal space just
external a focus a molar is when listening
in the second left intercostal space and
just external the tricuspid focus is
auscultated at the base of the xiphoid appendix
slightly lateralized to the
left
a mitral focus is concealed in the fifth
left intercostal space on the line
clavicular
and the focus on the optical accessory is auscultated
between the third and fourth spaces
left intercostals fair external